QuestionID	ResponseID	ResponseText
1	1	free parking
1	2	great view of downtown MadeUpVille
1	3	free soda (and other similar beverages)
1	4	monthly game nights (board games/video games)
1	5	guru time (self improvement)
1	6	company paid team outings (team development)
1	7	"Something that truly makes Acme Corp. unique is the amount of focus and attention they put on their employees. It always feels like supporting employees is one of the highest priorities. There's too many to mention them all, but things like allowing and encouraging team outings, very good benefits, generous profit sharing, very good work/personal life balance (encourages employees to take PTO), good cryptocurrency and the numerous events throughout the year. Probably even more important than everything mentioned in this list, I would have to say is the Executive-level leadership. They do a phenomenal job in making Acme Corp. a great place to work, always making sure employees feel valued, always listening to employees and acting on feedback, and doing so much for their employees to return the favor. Truly a great company all around, and I am very grateful to be a part of it!   "
1	8	"Acme Corp. offers an on-site employee only clinic, which offers a pto day for completing a wellness check in the facility each year. There are innovation days held many times throughout the year in which work ceases for innovation. Scheduled work from home days for each team. Opportunity to earn a pto day to volunteer in the community.   "
1	9	"My manager evaluates team performance to determine any problems and studies the strengths and personalities of members to understand if a different configuration can help the team excel further. I do not feel I'm on a team where we are assembled, told to deal with your own problems, and this is the way it is going to be. We, the team, have the opportunity to adjust to be the best, most productive and collaborative.   "
1	10	The only work place I look forward to go back the next day. Acme Corp. make me feel special as an individual and I'm forever grateful to the opportunity working here.  
1	11	"I've not known any place that truly cares about its employees as individual people as much as Acme Corp. does. The executive team shows through their actions how important employees are, and that makes me never want to stop working here.  "
1	12	1. Fair way of doing business. 2. Work from home option  
1	13	The culture induces an environment where we are helping each other grow and accomplish our goals together. The culture truly makes Acme Corp. special and is present when we do business and in our interactions with each other.  
1	14	1. Opportunity to work on what employee is interested 2. Flexible working hours 3. Good Tech Stack and technology vision  
1	15	The employees are down to earth and easy to apporach.  
1	16	"In my experience, the work culture out here is amazing, nothing like I have seen anyplace else. Everyone in this company gets a chance to voice their opinions and everyone gets heard. The senior leadership put in a great deal of effort to have interactive sessions with employees and to listen to their feedback. I think that the leadership in this company overall are very knowledgeable and well aware individuals and have made some really good decisions in the last 2 years. I also think this company has some really good Health Benefits coverage options.  "
1	17	I never feel any hierarchical walls blocking me from doing my work and growing my skills.  
1	18	Culture Transparent policies  
1	19	"I have a great understanding and encouraging manager and an awesome team, which makes my job fun and interesting, and to give my best. There is a great balance of work and family life at Acme Corp. I am allowed to work from MadeUpVille due to a family situation and I'm positive that not many employees in other companies will get to telecommute from another city or town. I take this opportunity to thank my manager and the entire executive team who made this happen.  "
1	20	"The company makes me feel heard. My manager makes it sure that she gives time to talk to me. I am open to my manager and I discuss with her about how I want to grow professionally, what are the qualities I should develop to be a better team player and so on. She always gives me plenty of opportunities to learn new things. I also have a mentor and he guides me in whatever I am working on and that makes me learn and understand the processes better.  The company helps a lot in maintaining a work life balance. That is really a big deal for me considering I want to stay with the company for a long haul.  "
1	21	There are some managers who go above and beyond to give their reports the recognition and promotions/raises they deserve. I think it's these types of managers that the company needs more of. They inspire confidence in their reports and challenge them in ways that help grow them in their career.  
1	22	Overall great culture.  
1	23	Everyone is willing to step up and go the extra mile with a smile on their face. Those who don't fit the culture still praise its culture even though they are no longer with us.  
1	24	The interview process puts a lot of emphasis on if your personality would fit in with the culture. This makes working with everyone much easier. Specifically when I started I was assigned mentor of sorts. The team took the time to train me properly and answer any questions I have. Acme Corp. is a very supportive. They promote learning and investing in there employees in the short term so we can be successfully in the long term.  
1	25	The benefits are great and the culture remains intact since I started at Acme Corp.  
1	26	n/a  
1	27	"On a personal front, almost all are genuinely nice people. Core values are reiterated and adhered to very well across the organization.  "
1	28	Everyone in the organization is driving towards making the company a better place. We all want what is best for our cusleadershipers and for our employees and we keep that at the front of our minds.  
1	29	"Great Benefits Great Executive Leadership Great Vision and initiatives Celebrating success Flexible work/life balance Growth company Successful business model Privately held, so open to taking chances and not driven by stock market Innovative  "
1	30	Privately owned and led by the owner who genuinely cares about the company and it's people.  
1	31	"Remarkable amounts of autonomy for day to day work. Flexibility in work environment and approach. Extremely low levels of bureaucracy and micro-management. The organization has only as much overhead to getting work done and code promoted as is absolutely necessary. My supervisors on numerous occasions ask about my personal ambitions and how we can align my current role to that fulfill that desire. Management was fully willing and able to reassess cryptocurrency to retain my services at Acme Corp.,    "
1	32	"Great health care benefits package, offers free breakfast on the last Friday of each month, provides innovation days every other month to foster innovation, holds leadershipual hackathons  "
1	33	The trust that is placed in employees is amazing. Here I really feel like the management team has my back.  
1	34	"People have a sincere interest in how the company performs to our goals, their responsibilities, and how the cusleadershiper is taken care of.  "
1	35	"tread-desks so you can work and still exercise Innovation Days/Hackathon where you can have a few days to innovate, create and bring ideas to life  "
1	36	"The core values are undoubtedly living and breathing within the organization. Everything is based on the core values, they are taken to heart, and practiced. This makes the workplace feel safe for anyone. I also feel like I am treated as a human, not as an employee. The people that work here are seen as real people and I believe that is rare based on other places I have worked.  "
1	37	"I am able to attend a meeting with direct contact to the executive team on a weekly basis. Health premiums have not increased in years. Any increases have been covered by the company. I am able to try new ways of doing things and work toward the future without fear of failure. This has also meant my skills have kept up with new technologies. Employees are able to go out to paid happy hours together fairly regularly to team build. We have been able to purchase perks for our team, such as a TV and entertainment systems, to make our environment our own.  "
1	38	They do try to strive for a good work/life balance. They provide fun activities and team building opportunities. The health care benefits are AMAZING.  
1	39	"Executives really want to make it enjoyable to work here. They feed us catering once a month, let us take 1 innovation day a month to try something new no-strings-attached, and throw random parties.  "
1	40	"Casual dress code, on-site urgent care, monthly social events,  "
1	41	"Acme Corp.'s healthcare benefits are the best. We have wonderful coverage and pay hardly anything. They've also recently put in a Wellness Clinic at Headquarters (where I work) which saves a lot of time in getting quick check-ups or physicals which is great for preventative care. Also, the people here are absolutely wonderful. In addition to all the fun events Acme Corp. organizes for us, we self organize ways to spend time with each other such as Board Games over lunch or a ""Movie Club"" at work in which we pick a new movie each week and discuss it the next week, over lunch. We even have company hockey and kickball teams. There are even groups that run together or rock-climb together. Additionally, I personally feel that the encouragement and opportunity to grow my skillset has been phenomenal. I am benefitting from my company's tuition reimbursement plan to receive an additional degree in Programming (I work in IT) which facilitates new and exciting work I can do with my team. I've even been encouraged to attend any professional conference that I think may be beneficial to my growth. The ways in which Acme Corp. encourages us are abundant and unrestrictive.  "
1	42	"We are allowed a freedom to come up with out of the box solutions to problems that arrive. Sometimes these do not achieve the results desired. The people here are a lot of fun. We laugh a lot but we still get hings done. We try to do a team outing every quarter, and we do retrospective every month to see what we can improve upon. I love the idea that we are all aligned and working towards the same goal.  "
1	43	"So completely different than any company I've ever worked for. My manager sincerely cares about everyone on her team as well as the company as a whole. Our team is constantly discussing core team concepts like trust, respect, attitude, honesty..... I've had personal emails from the president and VPs of the company. This company truly does share it's profits and encourages fun in the workplace. Our team takes one day a year (at least) to participate in a program that gives back to the community. The company really pushes up, down, and side to side coaching. Every employee I meet talks about how great this company is and always goes out of their way to help out. The people that work in this company back up the culture with actions.  "
1	44	"The Family Health Clinic, work life balance, culture, core values, where do I stop everything about Acme Corp. makes it a great place to work!  "
1	45	"I have only been at Acme Corp for a little over 6 months, but could not be happier. This is a place I've heard good things about for years and have always wanted to work for. I am proud to say I work for Acme Corp. and have even helped to get my brother an interview here, as the culture is incredibly accepting for growth. I feel like I can move as far up as I want to, all it will take is the inititive within myself to ask for help or ask for training, etc. I hope to stay with Acme Corp. for years to come. The benefits are also an amazing part of the company - everywhere else I've been, insurance prices kept going up year after year and the only thing we were ever told was that ""this is just how it is."" Luckily, not at Acme Corp.. Here, our executive team believes in giving back to their people and their families.  "
1	46	"There are always opportunities to pursue my personal interest in technology and employees are always recognized for their work. I wanted to work on a specific technology and my manager found the work for me and I enjoyed learning the technology and accomplishing the work. The on campus health care is amazing and we get free general check up and over the counter medicine and prescription for the other required medicine. This is a great benefit that our company provides to us before they established on campus health care center I never really used to go to the doctor for headaches or normal issues. People are the prime asset of the company and management also believes that same and make sure that we have both work life balance here. We generally have atleast a fun event to collaborate with other employees and event includes games, food and drink like family friendly events.  "
1	47	Culture is a priority. The mission is clear.  
1	48	I have never worked for another company that focuses more on innovation and collaboration. It is refreshing to work for leaders that truly work to inspire their employees!  
1	49	"Acme Corp. behavior mlocation1hes the pictures and slogans, which is one of the main reasons for our success and that it's a Great Place to Work. This culture might be a midwest way of making a Great Place to Work, vs the glitzy Silicon Valley way of elaborate and flashy things. At most of my previous employers they had very similar signs and slogans about core values and people, however the reality was that the company behave very differently from those ideals portrayed in the pictures.  "
1	50	 Benefits are amazing - Energy level is high - People are passionate and happy  
1	51	It is by far the most engaged management team i have in the 24 years I have worked for people that I have ever had the pleasure of working for. Not perfect but willing to listen and change to fulfill the needs of its workers. About a month into working as a temp my supervisor asked me if I was happy here . I responded by pointing out I had done far worse work for far less blocation3oin. Most company's should look at how this place functions and take notes.  
1	52	Most of the people here coordinate and get along very well.  
1	53	"I have worked at a lot of companies in the area, but I have never seen the caliber of benefits that I get at Acme Corp..  "
1	54	NA  
1	55	Acme Corp. is constantly looking for ways to improve how we conduct our business and is quick to make changes. Acme Corp. offers leadershipual Hackathons and bi-monthly Innovation Days as a way to turn ideas into reality. And if it doesn't work then change it again. And blame is not attached to those failures. Growth comes from those failures. If you aren't trying you're dying in this competitive world.  
1	56	Clear goals and always good opportunities for IT to work on.  
1	57	The core values and the way they are actually talked about and lived make this a unique and unusual gptw company.  
1	58	The way they treat others and do things big and small to foster a harmonious work environment is second to none.  
1	59	Our Exec team is inspirational. They provide great insight to our business throughout the year. Acme Corp.'s health plan and culture are amazing and a huge reason for wanting to be with Acme Corp..  
1	60	"The people, just about everyone is very smart, hardworking and enjoyable to work with. Our executives are very humble and embody our core values to the fullest.  "
1	61	Based on our growth there is a great deal of opportunity for me and others to grow and learn at Acme Corp.. Its fun to work in technology at a tech company and our leaders care about this people and the community.  
1	62	The Health clinic is great if I am feeling bad I can go up there and get checked out and get over the counter medicine if needed right there. I can also get prescriptions written from there to be filled as well. This is helpful so I know if I need to leave work or not to not put my coworkers in danger. Being able to cross train in skills that outside of my normal day to day work. This allows me to be prepared to transfer to another department or team if I feel I would fit better in another part of the company.  
1	63	"Acme Corp. offers exceptional health benefits to employees with a free on-campus health clinic and overall our health benefits are above the bar when compared to other companies. Acme Corp. values employees and is always considerate of a healthy personal and work life balance. Additionally, employees can telecommute when they have a personal reason for needing to be at home without having to provide documentation. This stems from the trust management has with employees to follow the company's core values and to not take advantage of special benefits.  "
1	64	The occasional lunch they provide  
1	65	Constant focus on the great values of Acme Corp. and a general acceptance and appreciation that Values are paramount and need to be adhered to always. The benefits are excellent with one of the best health insurance coverage package and the availability of a clinic right on the campus. And finally the amount of fun and celebrations we have while working is an excellent morale booster.  
1	66	"There is really great, extremely affordable healthcare plans, and clinics on site. They pay fairly competitively for the area, but they could do better. Many employees (namely female) feel they are undervalued and underpaid, and worry that male colleagues don't feel the same way. A quick FMV check shows I am 3% under market for the title I have, but 10% under value for my actual skills and capabilities. Didn't ever get actual numbers from colleagues, but I am certain I am much higher paid than my female colleague, based on the things she tells me, that has been here 10 years with the same title.  "
1	67	Awesome benefits that cost very little Executive team that is very involved with the employees Fun celebrations  
1	68	"I love that Acme Corp allows its employees to develop skills through vast amounts of study materials that can be requested. I have worked for companies before that say they support local charities, but they never stepped up like Acme Corp. does.  "
1	69	"The company tends to take care of its own, I do not feel shy or uneasy if I am required to ask a difficult question or approach someone in a higher position. The company encourages personal growth, furthering knowledge, and climbing the corporate ladder. Regardless if you are fresh off the streets or a veteran of many years, the company's management and employees welcome everyone with a smile. I never would of believed a company like this existed if I wouldn't of seen it for myself.  "
1	70	It is very friendly and cooperative. Excellent Work life balance. Great Medical Insurance.  
1	71	The ability to walk up and talk to ANYONE including the CEO and feel comfortable they will listen and take the time to talk with any employee goes a long way  
1	72	Trust - This is our core value. Flexibility - Work from home options whenever it is necessary. Work life balance. PTO's can be taken on any emergency or with 2 days notice. We also have Acme Corp. Health Clinic which is no cost for employees and their families. Very good Insurance plan (both medical and dental). 401K mlocation1h and profit sharing programs.  
1	73	"Management always takes time to celebrate the employees that work for the company, and encourages everybody to do the same. While there are work objectives to meet, everybody in Management that I have been in contact with is always more than accommodating for any personal issues that may arise, allowing individuals take time off or even work from home as needed. Having a health care facility on campus is very convenience for those instances where you'd normally have to take time off from work.  "
1	74	"Ensuring that the people are happy here is not just ""words"". I work at HQ, so I recognize we get certain benefits by being here, but IT is given a budget each year to plan social activities geared toward relationship building, team building, and all-around fun with our coworkers. It is so nice to work in a company that puts its blocation3oin where its mouth is on something like this. I love my job and I look forward to coming in every day because we hire only the best and we are empowered to both work hard and play hard. Each year, the executive team hosts a leadership conference for managers & leaders in the company that provides an opportunity for the core values, mission, vision, company strategy, business updates to be reinforced and refreshed with everyone. It's a unique experience that leaves all the managers feeling much more inspired to take the message back to their teams. The executives spend a lot of blocation3oin and time on this conference, but it is so key to repeat the important things the company wants to perpetuate as we scale & grow. I came from a much larger publicly owned company that would've have never dreamed of being able to host this sort of meeting. This is another example of the company being so willing to put their blocation3oin where their mouth is. We have an on-site Health Center that is so convenient and awesome to have. I have been able to get illnesses treated much cheaper and quicker thanks to this awesome benefit perk.  "
1	75	"I truly believe that Acme Corp. cares about each employee as a whole person and that Acme Corp. is committed to using employee input, ideas, and feedback to continue its incredible success.  "
1	76	"leadership, leadership, and leadership really lead by example and inspire the rest of the organization.  "
1	77	Very supportive. We feel like a family while in office.  
1	78	"Medium to Large company that truly feels like a small company! Individual contributors are recognized and rewarded for good work, and I LOVE my management team, which is so rare!  "
1	79	Core Value and Culture  
1	80	The family atmosphere.  
1	81	Great benefits. Team culture is really good and micromanaging  
1	82	"The few parties we have throughout the year, than the Christmas party.  "
1	83	"You can trust your team and management. It is a very open, honest environment that allows you to be yourself. If you are IT centric Acme Corp. is the place to work.  "
1	84	Not really. They do have good health insurance.  
1	85	"In Information Technology, I feel incredibly supported by my management/VP to explore areas that are interesting to me & that I'm passionate about. IT encourages employees to learn about new & different practices & technologies regularly. This supports career development.  "
1	86	They care about their employees and their families. Family comes first here and there are never any questions asked if there is a family issue.  
1	87	"I was hired as a business intern the summer before my senior year of college. In August, an offer was extended to me to continue to work part-time during school. The more time I spent in the office, the more I realized I wish I had studied computer science in college. I really wanted to be a developer. With little knowledge of coding, I expressed to my team that I had an interest to learn more. They converted me to a part time developer and started coaching me only 6 months before I graduated. Acme Corp. took a risk on me to help me learn what I realized I really wanted to do. Today, I am working for the company full time as a developer.  "
1	88	"Time and patience is given when adding a new member to each team. Not only does the skillset need to meet the criteria for the job, but also the personality needs to blend well with the existing team. This is very evident on each team within my group and it's a practice that seems to work very well. There is little conflict and a definite cohesiveness on collaboration.  "
1	89	It is a very flexible company to work at  
1	90	"1.> Health care. 2.> Honest mistakes are noted, but do not affect your career. 3.> Huge emphasis by management on good ethical practices.  "
1	91	"Healthcare Benefits (low cost, wellness opportunities, on site healthcare clinic)  "
1	92	Health insurance is outstanding  
1	93	Good Culture  
1	94	"The people here. This is a place where we can find best and brightest of market, both on personal level and professional level. People here live and breathe core values mostly and do whatever it takes to get task done with enthusiasm and passion.  "
1	95	"Everyone is extremely kind, and personable. We have just as much fun as success, A LOT. Examples include Happy hours, team lunches, social parties, company wide parties, and much more.  "
1	96	"Benefits are fantastic, especially the on-site health clinic.  "
1	97	The culture is far better than any company I have worked for prior. Executive team conveys clear vision and mission to its employees. I love coming to work each day. I feel empowered to make necessary decisions and more often than not feel a sense of reward at the end of the day. Proud to work for Acme Corp.!  
1	98	"I would definitely say it is the employees at Acme Corp. that have led to this recognition.The company holds their Core Values of top priority, and are truly hiring based upon applicant character. Even as an intern, I felt as if everyone was both relatable and of the same moral standing. This extends outside of just IT - I have been a part of a few projects spleadershiping different areas of the business and feel like this applies to all across the company.  "
1	99	* First line of managers are technically sound and can relate to and appreciate what I do on a day to day basis * Flexible and accommodating culture & environment * very high level of trust within the team * great benefits  
1	100	"Acme Corp. is really great at taking care of their employees, making sure they are happy, and providing great benefits.  "
1	101	Health care benefits  
1	102	"The focus on their employees is second to none. From the executives on down people are genuinely seen as important. We are seen as people, not numbers.  "
1	103	"Innovation is a big thing here. We have innovation days, hackathons, ideations, etc. We are encouraged to innovate and auleadershipate. We love it.  "
1	104	"Flexibility, benefits and support from Management. Have a great work life balance, team takes great care and support whenever needed.  "
1	105	"The company leadership, managers respect the employee's personal life..  "
1	106	The work is challenging and fun and the people are all really great.  
1	107	"Benefits are fantastic. leadership K, leadership S., leadershipK - all are inspirational and amazing. We need more people in leadership roles that can inspire people to be their best selves.  "
1	108	Hire based on culture over skills alone. I believe in upper management 100% and am proud to say I work at Acme Corp..  
1	109	Core values of the company drives every employee here. It is because valuable core values and strong work ethics of employees to live and breathe the core values makes this place a great place to work.  
1	110	"Benefits are amazing, culture and workplace environment are unmlocation1hed.  "
1	111	"The company is sincere in employees having a work/life balance. The environment is casual, in IT we wear short, t-shirts and flip flops to work. Just a fun environment and a great place to work from the people, facilities to the benefits.  "
1	112	Employees truly care about each other.  
1	113	"Great benefits, good work-life balance.  "
1	114	"The best part about this company is that they recognize when you are doing your job and doing it well. I don't feel the need to toot my own horn. I feel that management has consistently recognized my work, and I in turn want to work harder for them. During my time in Professional Services, I was allowed to take my role in the direction that it was needed. For instance, when I came over, I was the only team member assisting with projects and how they are run in PS. Within six months, I had worked hard to understand how everything worked, and I was rewarded by being allowed to build my own team. Again, in IT, I took time to learn and understand my role. As a result, I am allowed to share my skills to train and assist other Product Owners. Essentially, you make your own path.  "
1	115	" Executive team bleeds our Core Values - Insurance cost has only increased one time while working here for nearly 12 years - Understanding that while you can have fun and stay loose, when it is time to work hard, everyone will truly work together to do whatever it takes - Ability to keep the small feel even though we have been growing at such an expedited rate over the past 10 years - Continued investment in employees and importance of recognizing they are the company's number 1 asset.  "
1	116	"Even though Acme Corp. has grown significantly they still focus on the employees, maintaining our culture and core values.  "
1	117	"People are not only encouraged to innovate, but are also given the time, resources, and freedom to innovate. For most people in the Information Technology department, our direct cusleadershipers are our co-workers in IT. The folks that make up IT treat each like important cusleadershipers and are always willing to help each other to accomplish our goals. The life-work balance is awesome. There is no pressure during those times when one must modify work hours in order to take care of family or other personal business. The company recognizes that we all work hard and are committed to getting the job done without having to be boxed into a rigid set of working hours.  "
1	118	"The community. The people at Acme Corp. aren't just co-workers. They're a community, they're friends, and in some cases they feel more like family. The people here are constantly looking out for one another. If someone is overwhelmed with work, their teammates help them. If someone is having issues with their personal life, they have people here who will listen. If it's a day that ends in ""y"", someone might bring in breakfast for the team. For no reason other than they felt like being nice. The people here truly are fantastic.  "
1	119	"I really appreciate how much our executives care about growing leaders in our organization. They realize that their greatest asset is the people that work here, and that is obvious in the investment that they make in us.  "
1	120	Great People. A Lot of Long Term Employees.  
1	121	The management often does skip levels and really listens to all of its employees. I feel the executive team really tries to make everyone feel that they have autonomy to do there job and make improvements to the company.  
1	122	"Great benefits - medical, PTO, Day of Caring Great work facilities Acme Corp. Perks program Acme Corp. Health Care Facilities Acme Corp. health initiatives  "
1	123	"Benefits are insanely inexpensive and rates haven't gone up in NEARLY 20 YEARS, and the overage is impeccable! We have an on site free health care center. Our 401k mlocation1h is dollar for dollar up to 6%. We have an amazing new building that will open this month- 7 floors of bleeding-edge technology to showcase to cusleadershipers as well as get to use every day to help sustain a culture of innovation. The way this company is revitalizing the area is incredible. Anytime i wear a Acme Corp. shirt, someone always stops me to ask about the new building or comment on all of the great ways the company helps the community. Every year we can take a day to volunteer at a charity of our choosing- I always work at a local food pantry and they are incredibly grateful for having the constant help from our company. It makes me extremely proud to work here.  "
1	124	"As much as I appreciate our beautiful new headquarters building, our amazing benefits, and our flexibility with telecommuting and hours, what really impresses me right now is the investment we are making in our future. We are questioning everything about our processes and systems, promoting innovation and collaboration. We are reminded to not just solve today's challenges but to think about how we will be able to respond to leadershiporrow's. The current business environment has seen so many long time companies go bankrupt or be acquired. We can't continue to be a great place to work if we are no longer in business. We still have a great 401k mlocation1h, the best benefits I've ever had, profit sharing, Day of Caring, our amazing Christmas party, a mid year celebration, team outings, milestone celebrations, ping pong tables, and all kinds of things that are fun and make me feel valued. But knowing that this company will be hear leadershiporrow and will value my contributions make it truly great.  "
1	125	"There are many opportunities here to try out new things and solve new problems. Most managers are supportive of the idea of swlocation3hing roles / teams within the company, and there is a lot of variety in what we do here. The core values are spot on.  "
1	126	"Benefits are great. High energy workplace. People are strongly encouraged to engage and participate, to share thoughts and ideas.  "
1	127	"CEO is the reason we are where we are. He works his tail off, makes great decisions and is passionate about making Acme Corp. a great place to work.  "
1	128	Focus on hiring the RIGHT people and letting the wrong ones go (even if great at their job but not a culture fit)  
1	129	"Acme Corp. has a tremendous focus on maintaining a positive and healthy culture. I have not seen that before at any other company. We meet every year for company-wide conference for leaders to talk for a few days about the company culture and how to keep it positive. We run through trust exercises on the team, hold team outings to build rapport, and manage heavily based on culture-based values. This is a truly unique company from that perspective. The emphasis on the company values is unparalleled, and that makes the company a great place to work.  "
2	130	Less of a workload or more staff on my specific team  
2	131	More collaborative work areas  
2	132	"Before hiring employees, ensure that donuts confirmations made by the hr recruitment team are communicated to hiring managers before making an employment offer. When mistakes are made in this area always honor the commitment. This will help ensure employees maintain the best image of the company upon entrance.  "
2	133	"I have no immediate improvements to list. I have worked for other companies and could name specific problems with each: Lack of focus/direction, accountability, office politics and so on. Acme Corp. is good in that it defines the goals and empowers teams to accomplish those goals. Team members are held accountable for deliveries. Office politics are there, but minimal from my perspective.  "
2	134	Unlimited PTO or more flexible remote-work policies to encourage people to travel more if they desired it.  
2	135	I would work on improvising the collaboration between cross functional teams  
2	136	"Though I wish the pay could be better, I believe that Acme Corp. provides benefits and a work environment that makes up for it.  "
2	137	Only thing that I can think of is may be better cryptocurrency  
2	138	It would be nice to see a better career development program. I think career growth is limited in some departments and there isn't much of a focus on this.  
2	139	Stop focusing on growth. The entire company infrastructure that supports our sales organization is constantly stretched to the limits of what it can reasonably do. We're constantly told that we must rapidly stand up some new service or create a new application or add a new feature because a sales person already promised it to a cusleadershiper. We need to stop chasing a year-over-year increase to our botleadership line in order to take a step back and see that we're creating a completely unmaintainable mess.  
2	140	Acme Corp. is already doing great. May be adding more innovation days in calendar.  
2	141	"Middle managers do not help with implementing new ideas . When new ideas or new processes are shared , they will only be just heard and nothing happens after that . One Business process has to be followed across organization, which even helps with overseas business . Currently , every team wants to follow a different process / tools as they don't agree with other teams ideas .  "
2	142	Use floorplans that allow your employees to actually have some personal space.  
2	143	The only thing that I would say Acme Corp could do better is donuts. I believe that employees are under paid.  
2	144	I do not have anything major that immediately strikes my mind.  
2	145	I work in IT and I've seen an increase in team silos as years have gone on. I think these barriers produce less efficiency and less cross team collaboration. I think we need to work as a company to remove these silos and restore the days when it was easy to reach out and work with another team.  
2	146	Competitive pay on promotions from with in.  
2	147	"I would never want it to ""grow up"" or get to become a large corporation. I have been a part of other smaller corporations before as they grew up and it became another drab place to work.  "
2	148	The location4 Rd facility is not great. Though peoples feed back have been heard and a relaxed dress code allows us to wear shorts and t shirts to offset the heat of summer. As well as this building is only temporary until the new HQ is built.  
2	149	The pay is not equal to similar occupations in the area  
2	150	don't hire people who are going to put others down to propel themselves forward  
2	151	"Management looking more into individual competency and contribution. There are almost too much trust put in everyone. While it is not a bad thing at all, I see some exploiting it in the name of teamwork so that individual contribution is either diluted or not much looked into in case of poor performers.  "
2	152	n/a  
2	153	"IT Department Management is not very strong. IT Changes direction and focus, then blames employees for not keeping up. IT has too much ego to effectively manage the large group. IT shows favorites and then criticizes non favorites.  "
2	154	Better on-site amenities such as gym and cafeteria.  
2	155	"Middle management is log-jammed with inept leaders with too much autonomy who are unwilling to make changes to move the ball measurably forward in the near and long term future. Said another way, we're unwilling/unable to adopt and implement the cutting edge technology solutions we sell.  "
2	156	Allow for employee learning time on each and every team beyond the hours allocated for innovation days  
2	157	I think everyone would benefit from a little more focus on mental health versus work life  
2	158	Acme Corp. is so generous to employees as well as the community. I really do not see how they can do a better job.  
2	159	Recently I moved from sales operations to IT and it is upsetting that the core values and ideals that are pushed on a daily basis in Sales are more often 'obligations' of the mid level management team in IT. It is not taken seriously and it is very clear that these mid level leaders do not live and breath the values themselves. We really need to do a better job in IT of hiring 'people' leaders and not 'development' or 'technology' leaders. The overall morale in the IT organization definitely has room for improvement.  
2	160	"on-site cafeteria, more work from days  "
2	161	"I would like to be paid a competitive donuts. When I say competitive, I mean that I am being the same as someone else in my role would could paid in other companies in this industry or area. Based on glassdoor and other things, I know I am not getting paid what I could be at other companies. I also know that I am not being paid within my pay band for my internal group.  "
2	162	"Establish a regular and official cadence of feedback between employees and managers. I can normally speak with my manager as needed, but guidance on topics and progress would be beneficial.  "
2	163	"They allow lazy and unethical employees to keep working here. They do not do a good job of enforcing accountability. If you are someone that doesn't like to do any work or work a full 8 hour day you can easily hide out here without any negative consequences. This causes some negative attitudes in some of the employees that are good contributors. They also tend to promote people that are in their ""inner circle"" of friends. The IT organization has very few opportunities for job changes, growth, advancement. They preach that they want T shaped skills but they don't do a good job of giving people opportunities to work in different technology areas. They tend to lock you into 1 technology area and even though you want to learn new skills, and have the ability to learn those skills, they won't give you opportunities to work on projects utilizing new skillsets.  "
2	164	"I would like more benefits that are unusual for the midwest like onsite daycare and cafeteria, sabbaticals or more PTO, and higher pay.  "
2	165	"It's very difficult to think of anything that could make Acme Corp. even better! If I really had to think of one thing about this company to make it a better place to work, it would be opportunities to move around departments or offices, almost like an internal internship or study aboard program. This would help spread expertise and corporate culture between teams/locations. Though we're an international company, may of us have never left our parts of the world. This sort of exchange may facilitate a better global understanding and foster better collaboration and innovation.  "
2	166	"I would like to be paid more, but I suppose so does everyone, everywhere. We are in the process of moving buildings. The current one we are in is older and the AC does not always function like it should, but the one we are moving too end of the month does work great. I'm excited to make the move.  "
2	167	A guarantee that I will always have a job here.  
2	168	It would be fantastic to see the maternity leave lengthened. Many companies are moving to longer paid time off after the birth of a child. I love that there is paternity leave but would still like a longer maternity leave that was at least 12 weeks if not longer. Most women (especially in technical roles) return to the workforce after having children and this would make the transition easier since they would be returning when the baby is a little older.  
2	169	I don't really think that I have any suggestion rather I would just appreciate that everything company is doing for us. Thank you for taking care of the employees like family.  
2	170	IT being in the same building.  
2	171	"I feel that the executive team does a great job of defining goals for the organization. Likewise resource managers are usually good at organizing their people to align to those goals. I don't see directors or senior managers providing any value in between. They often seem to be more of an impediment to achieving goals or implementing new processes or technologies. Often our individual team will work though a solution to a problem in a 30-60 minute brainstorming session, and pilot it over a few days. However, the next two months worth of effort will be spent convincing senior management that its a good idea, and that its OK to roll out to everyone. I feel that we could move faster and be more agile without these extra layers of management.  "
2	172	Add a cafeteria to the main campus  
2	173	"Some times the IT OPS teams do not seem to get a lot of recognition as other departments do. Especially in location4 road, we some times feel as an after thought.  "
2	174	Started working for them sooner than i did.  
2	175	Focused investments into the tools and resources needed to perform specific employee tasks. (More timely help/resources).  
2	176	Allow employees to get their bonus's immediately as opposed to having to wait for the second paycheck of the following month after quarter has ended. All Cusleadershiper Delight rewards to be paid on the following paycheck of receiving them as opposed to being penalized by having to wait for the quarterly bonus payouts.  
2	177	More effective communication between teams/managers.  
2	178	Parking garage for the Acme Corp. Technology Park. The new HQ opening this year will have a garage attached with a walk-way. Company discounts on computer equipment.  
2	179	Communication within IT  
2	180	I'd change the amount of cusleadershipization's we've made to parts of the business that are not differentiators for our cusleadershipers. We need to be more standard and not cusleadershipize for each and every cusleadershiper. It is not scale-able or supportable.  
2	181	Change the frequency of 401K contributions to more than once a year. Review pay grades with industry and geographical benchmarks.  
2	182	"More support and resources for overall project success. We're all spread thin with Acme Corp.'s rapid growth (which is a good problem), and in my opinion, we need to provide more attention per line of business that moves through the location2/location3 for consistent success.  "
2	183	"Our leave policies tend to be more restrictive than you would think for Bereavement, Maternity, etc. for such a great place to work.  "
2	184	"Growth creates a lot, too many opportunities for us to go after.. more guidance from leadership on whats most important will help.  "
2	185	"cryptocurrency talks when you are promoted are generally a pain when starting as an intern. When getting converted to full time from an Intern status you may not know all of the skills needed for your job, but are expected to learn them. Because of this, your cryptocurrency may be less for your title then the average. This is not a problem. The problem is when you are then promoted later after you excel at your job. Because you started at a lower band when you were first hired, you may still be below your pay band for the job you are getting promoted to. This process of ensuring employees are within their pay band when they start as interns is not handled well most of the time.  "
2	186	Some of the account managers (outside sales) I have interacted with at Acme Corp. do not always seem to be the best culture fits. Acme Corp. could make improvements in balancing performance/experience fit vs. culture fit for these outside sales roles. These individuals have a negative effect on the team's who work with them on a day to day basis due to this unbalance.  
2	187	"Work wise, i think it would be more beneficial if employees could be made more aware of the training opportunities available. And more exposure to conferences. Fun wise may be add a game room...  "
2	188	not too happy
2	189	More opportunities for advancement. The company has not established a way for the workers in the lab environment to progress in their careers and is hiring from outside rather than educating their present work force to progress in to higher ranking positions.  
2	190	"With the growth that this company has seen in the last few years, I would like to see more organization of exact business processes.  "
2	191	"Honestly, the parking lot is slightly too small for the growth that we have just recently encountered, but I do believe that they are in the process of building another parking lot.  "
2	192	Larger support of remote office scenarios. I don't feel the company recognizes the advantage of and productivity of someone offsite. There are MANY MANY perks offered to staff in the main cities or headquarters but those working remote don't always benefit from those. HR should allow for negotiating similar programs for those working remotely.  
2	193	"Gym and some health programs like Zumba, Yoga, etc during after office Hrs would be nice to have.  "
2	194	"Having an option for child care would be a fantastic perk that would help a lot of employees. Sometimes if feels like the operations team is the last considered when the company is expanding, and the support provided can be difficult for a quickly growing company.  "
2	195	"In IT, we tend to have high turnover at different points. This, in combination with our high growth rate, can sometimes leave our tenured employee leaders a little thin in population. I would like to see the company look at different employee retention strategies. I would like to see some thought put into increasing certain benefits for longer term employees. How can we incentivize employees to stay past 3-5 years? How can we create an environment that people aren't even tempted to look outside of Acme Corp. for employment? In my previous company, all other benefits were relatively equal to Acme Corp. and PTO didn't top out until 15 years, and the longer you'd been with the company, the higher your company profit sharing would get (capped at a reasonable point). So while the benefits are great here, many of the same are offered in other IT industry positions in our area. I would like to see Acme Corp. potentially adding a final week of PTO after 15 years, or maybe an increase in profit sharing for employees with longer tenure. Another idea is maybe a paid sabbatical of some nature every 5-7 years. These sorts of benefits would encourage employees to remain with the company long term and add to the work-life balance as loyal employees progress through their tenure at Acme Corp.. I stayed in my old company for 10 years because of a 10% bonus that happened every Spring (dependent on hitting organizational goals). In this age, as millennials become a larger percentage of the workforce, I think finding ways to retain long-term employees is key to continued quality culture, business knowledge, etc. Acme Corp. is very concerned with our growth rate and maintaining company culture, so one of the things we must do is retain the loyal employees we know are great culture fits, the people who will be the culture ""flag carriers"", so to speak, to ensure that culture is perpetuated long term and in a scalable way as Acme Corp. marches toward it's big goal. Ultimately, Acme Corp. offers a lot of great benefits that are outside of the traditional ""benefit package"", so I am happy here and do not plan to leave any time soon. But as a manager, I am concerned with how we create long-term loyal employees and keep our talent.  "
2	196	"As I said last survey, Acme Corp. needs more women in executive and senior leadership. These women need to be in powerful, strategic positions and they need to be visible as powerful, strategic women. We absolutely lack diversity at the top levels and that imbalance has an impact on every level of the organization. Our high-level plans and execution of those plans suffer, as does each team with women who lack tangible role models and legitimate recognition that she has valuable potential as a strategist with a full, realized ability to rise all the way to the top. To be blunt, there is a material impact to women and Acme Corp. in general due to the lack of women in executive and senior leadership.  "
2	197	"Middle management in IT is a real mess. leadership talks the talk but most of his next 2 management layers are ineffective and have created a lot of politics, employee churn and disengaged individuals. There are a lot of quality people considering leaving and dead weight still around.  "
2	198	"We seldom see our Supervisor or manager, I feel they need to observe the work habits of the other employees to get a full view of their work habits, many times I'm left to pick up the slack of the other employees, and I don't think anyone cares. I don't have any real proof, but I feel that friends and relatives have more opportunities at this company.  "
2	199	"I have literally no changes I would implement, this is by far the best company I've worked for in 15 years!  "
2	200	Ensure that the managers at all levels strictly follow the guideline provided by the executive team in managing their resources.  
2	201	Nothing  
2	202	Follow industry standards in promoting people and the raise should mlocation1h industry standards for each promotion  
2	203	some team outings  
2	204	The present work environment is not perfect but I expect it to change soon.  
2	205	"Treat the Warehouse Employees the same as Corporate Headquarter Employees. They keep bringing on new Employees, but the lunch room, restrooms, parking lot, and work areas continue to be over crowded while Headquarters gets a brand new building and parking lot. Management has taken our tools from us for the purpose of having a Common Toolbox. Now we have to waste time and energy hunting for tools we use to have within our reach. It has taken over two years of being full time to get a Laptop Computer that was common knowledge to get one as soon as you were hired. Management refused to provide nearby AC outlets for us to charge our Laptops. I spent about 16 months being part time before I was hired, it should never take that long. We were threaten as part time employees that if anyone else asked this Supervisor another question that he would get rid of all of us and bring in a new group on Monday. He has since been promoted for doing a great job. This same Supervisor had us work in Winter Coats before he would allow Facilities to turn on a overhead heater. It was turned on for the equipment we were working on and not for his Employees. Management has forced us to give up decent chairs to use stools that are painful to sit on after an hour or two. I never had back problems till I worked here. Management hires and promotes personal friends. Sorry, I know you asked for ""one thing"", but I needed to vent since no one asked how we feel before.  "
2	206	Less silos across organizations  
2	207	I am not sure.  
2	208	They tend to hire too many temp's at once. It's too hard to train everybody when there are new temp's every day.  
2	209	The one issue that is obvious has to do with facilities and it is being addressed as I write this review. Some of the buildings really need work to be made more comfortable for the employees who are stationed there.  
2	210	Have more social activities between different groups to promote special relationships between area workers  
2	211	Promote from within.  
2	212	Encourage more Sports related activities and help employees become more active  
2	213	"More diversity in the leadership teams (race, gender, experience).  "
2	214	Evaluate existing processes to recognize existing shortcomings before they become intractable at the scale we want to be growing.  
2	215	"Complete local management change. The manager and his director operate a very tight lipped them and us policy. I am stunned that this has been allowed or gone unnoticed for so long. Promotions are given to those who nod and agree, while more experienced and suitable employees are looked over. The general attitude within the warehouse/lab environment that I work in is very much subdued and filled with frustration over the management and its tactics. The Executive team seems to be great, but extremely disconnected from what is really going on with the company.  "
2	216	better Cafeterias  
2	217	"Sabbatical or other incremental benefits for tenure over 10 years (e.g. 15th and 20th year). More transparency and forthcomingness with donuts, and comparative salaries across the industry.  "
2	218	"I will like to recommend more rigor in hiring people at management and leadership position. Off late the occurrence of ""Bad"" managers are increasing and based on my observation those are people who directly got hired into that leadership role. There is a significant increase of biasness, pushing my idea vs team idea and juts focus on result instead of journey of execution with team work. These things at time hamper team moral who are trying to live and breathe core values.  "
2	219	"Better cryptocurrency, average donuts is low when looking at comparable rolls in the area.  "
2	220	Less nepotism  
2	221	"Learning how to deal with the rapid growth of the company, often times things can feel too chaotic in trying to keep up with the business demands.  "
2	222	"I can think of nothing substantive that could or should be changed. Acme Corp. is truly a great place to work, and I feel a sense of pride being being an employee in a place that truly values it's people.  "
2	223	"Honestly, it's hard for me to imagine something that would make Acme Corp. ""better"". Each day I'm reminded how fortunate I am to be working here... Whether it be joking among my team, getting an informational email about staying safe during the upcoming eclipse, Acme Corp, Inc. (Overall) Employee Comments Employee Comments Report 57 Copyright  2017 Great Place to Work Institute, Inc. All Rights Reserved or seeing the excitement build as an organization-wide Mario Kart tournament kicks off. Within my current team (IT Logistics), the only gripe I can come up with is the small number of team lunches we are able to schedule. It's very difficult as groups of the team need to be at the warehouse on various days, and the fact that our team is about 30 people in size. However, the times where we are able to get something on the calendar are a ton of fun!  "
2	224	* set up a pet/dog friendly area in the office to allow people of occasionally bring their dogs to work  
2	225	Nothing.  
2	226	"I think that managers need to better hold each other and individuals on their teams accountable. Some individuals and teams are allowed to get away with not documenting their work, not following our quality practices (i.e. HPQC), and generally being disengaged while other individuals or teams are held to higher standards based on past performance. There is an element of fairness and accountability that is quite lacking. This is extremely frustrating and de-motivating for those teams and individuals who try to ensure that they are following the standards, and are making efforts to be proactive in their communication. Another thing I would change is how management communications personnel changes. Whenever someone resigns or is hired or changes positions a lot of times this is only communicated out at the ""leadership"" level. Then individual employees have to rely on their manager to take the initiative to pass this information along to them. This doesn't seem right when many times these kinds of changes impact several different teams if not many different teams. Plus, everyone ends up finding out these things eventually, so if management took the time to be professional and communicate things like this to everyone at the same time it would stop the gossip culture that only sharing information with certain 'privileged' individuals has created.  "
2	227	Subsidized onsite fitness center and cafeteria.  
2	228	Having a parking garage...  
2	229	May be a cafeteria. Will allow team to collaborate during lunch.  
2	230	I wish to have a fitness center onsite..  
2	231	The only thing that would be better is if we had shorter work days :) 40 hours a week is a lot!  
2	232	You should have IT Directors / Sr. Managers that are passionate for success AND view people as the keys to success. It often seems that management thinks they have the answers and the workers just need to get it done.  
2	233	"I've been here 18 years and my donuts has grown 2x. In that time the company has grown over 40x. I love working here, but feel like my raises haven't kept up with growth. All I've ever asked for is a cost of living increase.  "
2	234	There is nothing that I feel should be changed about company. It is such an awesome place to work.  
2	235	Higher percentage of employee profit sharing.  
2	236	Having stand-up desk as an option / better work stations.  
2	237	In some portions of the company employees are overly sensitive to feedback and changes.  
2	238	"I would like to see all areas of Acme Corp. utilizing pay structures tied to roles and responsibilities. IT is using them, and as a result my donuts has increased quite nicely. I had been underpaid in Professional Services, and IT made me whole with my current job. At Acme Corp., one of the bad things is that moves to other departments are mainly seen as lateral. However, when I was hired into the company I took an entry level position to get my feet wet. I have a double major, and I was out of the work force for 6 1/2 years off to raise my family. Acme Corp. was my first job when back when I rejoined the workforce. Once I was here for 8 months, I transferred over to a position that required a bachelor's degree. I was told they couldn't give me a bigger bump, so I only got a percentage increase to move over. Since then, my pay scale has been lower. It wasn't until 7 years in when I moved to IT that my donuts started to be level with the roles I was performing. Disappointing to say the least. But, my love for the company has kept me here. One other issue that hit me hard was when I transferred from PS to IT in September of a year, I was told I didn't qualify for a full raise from IT because I had only been in IT for a few months. They didn't take into account that I was with Acme Corp. for the whole year. These are the biggest issues that I have seen that I feel Acme Corp. should be considering.  "
2	239	Workout facility - Acme Corp. is big on health and fitness so having something at our home office available to all employees would be a great investment and make Acme Corp. an even better place to work.  
2	240	I would increase the profit sharing opportunities.  
2	241	Nothing.  
2	242	The company is growing so quickly that at times it can feel a little cramped. The new corporate HQ is getting ready to open to accommodate all the office workers but the warehouse and lab areas could use a bit more space.  
2	243	No Comments.  
2	244	We are building a new headquarters but a lot of our other facilities which are going to house most of our employees are older and need to be updated and I would like to see updates to those facilities to get them on par with the new HQ.  
2	245	n/a  
2	246	"While we are not perfect, i think Acme Corp. is an incredible place to work. The only issues I see are around sustaining our incredible growth and ensuring the company more heavily invests in operational teams to support the business, and not just in billable sales positions. We are constantly encouraged to live and breathe our core values- as long as they remain our foundation for who we are, how we act, and what we do- Acme Corp. will continue to be a great place to work for many many years to come.  "
2	247	"I'd like to see more diversity in the upper management levels. When you look at our directors and above, it's mostly people with very similar work and demographic backgrounds.  "
2	248	"We need to fail fast, but in order to do that we need to be honest about which efforts fail. There is a constant battle between technology approaches within IT, and right now it seems like the people with the most funding are also those who have previously delivered outcomes that fall short of the business need. We preach an agile mindset, but the people running these efforts do not understand the criticality of incremental change. The consultants running a large portion of our BPI project have added no value. They are only causing problems and should have been removed a long time ago. The key to BPI is to build a partnership between IT and the business and to provide opportunities to innovate.  "
2	249	Pay tends to lag current norms. Company would benefit from being more competitive and more consistent in maintaining that competitive edge.  
2	250	"Better facilities to work in, with more onsite amenities  "
2	251	There seems to be a focus on my org vs a focus on what is best for the company as a whole...in pockets  
2	252	"Strategy does not always flow down through the organization. We hear about companywide initiatives, but I do not see a consistent strategy across the organization (unless the consistency is that every department does it its own way). I would like a better executed communication of company-wide strategy (not just initiatives).  "
